{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red249\green249\blue249;\red117\green117\blue117;
\red117\green117\blue117;\red249\green249\blue249;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c53333\c53333\c53333;
\cssrgb\c53333\c53333\c53333;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Team Manager\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Now manage your team using the awesome TeamManager app. Create members and provide them accounts to login and assign them tasks. Assign tasks to individual employees or make announcement posts for everyone to see.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Communicate with employees inside of the app using the in app chat system and stay up to date via notifications when someone replies to you or marks the assigned task complete.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Great way to manage and and track everything regarding your office, company or any other workspace .\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
Task Manager\

\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Task Manager is your personal assistant to keep track and collaborate on the go. It is an easy-to-use task management tool and it's free for everyone.\
Start using Task Manager to streamline day-to-day activities and tasks.\
With a simple interface and a variety of features, it is the easiest way of managing daily workloads for you.\cf5 \
\
\

\f3\b\fs36 \cf2 KV News\

\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb6 Get daily news alerts & updates straight to your phone. Read trending headlines on live local news updates, international news, alerts, & more!\cf5 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs36 \cf2 Events Finder\

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb6 Discover upcoming events near you. Stay up to date on the latest events like concerts and festival.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs36 \cf2 KV Donor\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb7 KV Blood Donor App puts the power to save lives in the palm of your hand. Donating blood, platelets and Plasma is now easier than ever.\cf2 \cb1 \
}